Add kube-api audit logging how-to (#906)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.6-vm-management/15-vm-roles-permissions.md

You can configure namespaces and RBAC from within a cluster or from a Palette workspace that contains a cluster group. In a cluster group all RoleBindings must occur at the namespace level. For details, review the [Cluster RBAC](/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-rbac/) and [workspace RBAC](/workspace/#rolebasedaccesscontrol(rbac)) guides.  

> Palette leverages Regex Pattern matching so you can select multiple namespaces to apply role bindings. Check out [Regex for Namespaces](/workspace/workload-features) to learn more.

Reviewer: To learn more, check out [Regex for Namespaces](/workspace/workload-features).

> Palette leverages Regex Pattern matching so you can select multiple namespaces to apply role bindings. Check out [Regex for Namespaces](/workspace/workload-features) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Palette leverages Regex Pattern matching so you can select multiple namespaces to apply role bindings. To learn checkout [Regex for Namespaces](/workspace/workload-features).
```
